# RPG-GENERATOR / <br />
This is the official github repo of the Space Invaders RPG Generator Project.

## About the Team
We are a passionate team of high school students interested in computer science and artificial intelligence.

* Paul is a rising senior in Westlake Highschool at Westlake Village, California. Some of the hobbies that he loves include playing music, cybersecurity, and programming. He enjoyed partaking in the development of the AIs that were used for this project and in addition, all of the website development was really fun with the team.

* Julian is a rising junior with a passion for the future of technology. Bringing his experience from his work at Cloaks+, he primarily worked on front end: envisioning and developing the website's design and implementation.

* Kacper is a rising senior with a passion for computer science and math. He primarily worked on the back-end of the code, but also helped bring the front-end to life. In his free time he loves to program and play video games with his friends.

* Nina is a rising senior from California. She has a passion for music, video games, and movies. She mostly worked on the front end of Nexus.

* Rifat is a rising senior in high school from Connecticut. He enjoys coding, playing soccer and basketball, playing video games, and watching movies. He primarily worked on the website's front-end. His favorite part about this project was being able to work as a team to learn and create an AI product.

* Charlie is a rising junior that lives in New Jersey. He enjoys D&D, and brought some of these ideas to the AI Camp project. He worked on the personality trait dataset and model, as well as the front-end and back-end for the generation page.
## How to Use
Visit our website
Go to the "Playground" page
Choose one of the three models: Backstory, Physical Description, Personality Traits
Give the AI a short prompt
Generate!
## Techical Stack
* Python
* HTML, CSS, JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* Google Colab
* Cocalc
## Dataset
The personality traits model dataset took information from D&D rulebooks, data generated from GPT-3, and a couple websites that listed RPG personality traits. The backstory model used a dataset containing sample backstories from fantasy characters, and GPT-3 generated backstories. The physical description model used descriptions generated by GPT-3. Some datasets, like the physical descriptions and personality traits, were very hard to create because there was not very much information available on these subjects. Because of this, we produced some data with GPT-3 using a prompt.

## Type of Model
Distil GPT-2

## Libraries Used
* Pandas
* Numpy
* AI Text Gen (atextgen)
* Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)

</br>
If the model folder isn't working, please download the models in this google drive link: 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Onvqh1pKDQoMV5rYZjzd6iTxD5HQ0MUn?usp=sharing
